Let him in, General Manager Qin.
Congratulations, Master Qin.
I heard that the economic zone over Nam Son has developed into a new area.
Why did Ms. Li come here to congratulate me in the morning?
Except for congratulations.
I have something to negotiate with Master Qin.
Tell me.
I'd like to talk to Master Qin in private.
That cockroach.
Go outside and play.
Yes.
Tell me.
I want to buy back the land I sold to Master Qin yesterday.
Ms. Li, didn t you know that the land was about to be developed into a new economic zone?
Why should I sell it to you?
As long as Qin Major Ken agrees to sell that land to me.
I'm willing to do anything for my son.
Whatever it is.